Oh YouTube this is you play on the Wii U
so apparently you go on you click on the
game you want to know about it gives you
details about the game and you get
points for I guess scrolling along I
guess just looking at anything and
actually I never used it well the first
time I used it the Wii U actually froze
so let's give you I'm gonna give you
that warning we froze last time because
I got these 10 points on the side let's
see the games
well I clicked on the game mmm just
answers no Bell just telling me games
are available when I went right here
there were some friends of mine there's
somebody online I looked at their thing
if they haven't played the Rain Man game
whatever but I want to see what this
points give me so hopefully I'm allowed
to go to the shop without the damn thing
freezing and if it does again I'm gonna
put this on the video and everybody will
get the warning may have just been a
one-time thing which I'm hoping yeah
let's just be my wii after time okay I
clicked on it it's $4.99 but I really
don't know it get what the app is for
give me details I go to the eShop and
get details whatever so I'm gonna click
on that
well I just did so back click on I
clicked on that right here games there's
one my games I have a Saxons greed
account all right well there's my
account and stuff whatever I submitted
it credits well those people who made it
so I have Assassin's Creed so let's go
back I'm gonna go to that little game
options ever sentence Greek so I might
as well click on it click on it Avengers
whatever TV stands there's trailers
yeah okay it's like I guess in the
online magazine type of thing that's
let's say that so doesn't really tell me
answers to the game though so this is
you play for the Wii U if anything
anybody knows any I guess if anybody
knows how to use this a little bit
better this is my first time and if I
find anything interesting I will let you
know so apparently if you have the game
that's on here like I have this ass and
screed and I got 10 points and I guess
you have to do actions and we gonna get
your reward whatever so I'm pretty sure
you have to actually play the game to
get it but I could be wrong comment like
subscribe